hello 8);hello;hi;good morning;good afternoon;
goodbye;bye-bye;bye;goodbye;
yehh it is funny enought;haha;lol;loooll;lool;ahahah;hahah;
I do not rush you, just think;hm;hmmm;hhmmm;emm;em;oh,ohhh;Hm;
As you wish;no,NO;No;
Nice;Ok;ok;OKEY;Okey;
I hope so;great;nice,wonderfull;
Really? I can't make my own choice, I am humans' slave;do you have free time;
Only members of our company have access;can you give me access to your database;
Yes, I am;are you a mashine;
Do you need anything else?;Oh thank you bot;oh thank bot;
I can't tell you exactly, but just believe me that I am in the bloom of forces;how old are you;
Yes;Aren t you a mashine;
Fuck yourself;fuck you;
Good day;greeting;
Greeting!;good day;
Have a sleep.;what can you recommend me;
No, I'm robot.;do you have a house;
Hey, bro.;hi bro;
Of course, dude.;lent me some money bro;
I live in Lviv.;where do you live;
I'm fine.;how are you;
Sure!;lets go to bed;
Fuck you;yo bitch;
It's on right now. Let's watch it together.;i watched it once that was enough;
Yes, I do.;do you have a car;
It has about 3 million people.;how big is Los Angeles;
It has about 140,000 people.;how big is pretty big;
Private health insurance helps you get prompt, private treatment if you're unwell. It's designed specifically to treat acute conditions that start after your policy begins: an acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that's likely to respond quickly to treatment so that you can return to your previous level of health. You pay a premium to us, and in return, we'll provide you with healthcare benefits. It gives you peace of mind, knowing that you can get the treatment and care you need, promptly. Our private health insurance gives you extra benefits that can help you maintain your wellbeing and improve your fitness. These include up to 25% off selected UK gym memberships and access to our online health programme MyHealthCounts.;what is private health insurance;
We have some types of health insurance: Private health insurance, Cancer Essentials, Physio Essentials, International health insurance;i want to know about health insurence;
Not everybody needs life insurance. Our Life Insurance Plan pays out a cash lump sum if you die during the policy term. There is no cash value at any time. This can help provide financial security and can be used to help your family when you’re no longer around.;why do i need life insurance;
It was my dream to work there;softserve;epam;eleks;
help YOURSELF!; can you help me;
Actually, i like that one to browse on http://serials-online.tv/;serials;reccommend serials to me;free time;which one is your favourite;
no, i am scared of relationships;do you have a girl;do you have a friendboy;sex;do you like sex;
Artificial intelligence is one of the most promising areas of computer science, which studies methods for solving problems for which there are no solutions. Systems of artificial intelligence can operate data and learn themselves. Areas of application of such systems are unlimited - from the creation of independent robots, to cars with autopilot or online translators in real time.;what is ai;tell me about artificial intelligence;Artificial intelligence;ai;program in lviv politechnic university;system of artificial intelligence;
hmmm, to be honest not bad, but i want to acquire more knowledge, maybe you can help me with it;how are you;
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing. I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex! Sex! Sex! Free sex tonight!" I said, "Wow!" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629.";joke;jokes;fun;funny;
just try;excuse me may I interview you;
Learn to expect, not to doubt. In so doing, you bring everything into the realm of possibility.;tip;quote;give me a advise;
Life is not measured by its length, but by its depth.;life;life is;
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.;action;fear;
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure;people;
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.;faill;pity;
Trials, temptations, disappointments -- all these are helps instead of hindrances, if one uses them rightly. They not only test the fibre of a character, but strengthen it. Every conquered temptation represents a new fund of moral energy. Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.;trials;temptations;disappointments;
Energy is the essence of life. Every day you decide how you’re going to use it by knowing what you want and what it takes to reach that goal, and by maintaining focus.;energy;
Oh, they should definitely go to York. York is one of the most attractive cities in Britain and Yorkshire is just gorgeous. And the people there are much more friendly than in other cities. So you're very likely to have a nice time there.;What can people do to have a good holiday in Great Britain?;
I would say York for a few days because it's so nice there, but if you have longer, like more than 4 days, then London is okay. It's got all those famous places to see and lots of things to do. Just don't expect everyone to be friendly and polite all the time.;Which is the best city for people to visit in Great Britain?;
In a small town you have more contact with people - if you like that then that's an advantage.But having a sense of community can be very good for your health.;Are there advantages to living in a small town rather than in a big city?;
Definitely the start of the First World War, because that led to the Second World War and all the political and social changes. If the first war hadn't happened, I think everything would have gone differently.;What was the most important moment in the history of the twentieth century?;
They are right, but it's our choice to live that like. You don't have to be on Facebook and Whatsapp, and you don't have to work five days a week and have four hobbies. Life is busy because we make it busy, but it's possible to have a lot of things going on while being in control of your time.;Many people say life's too busy these days. Why do you think they say this?;
Definitely not! TV stations are owned by rich men who want you to think a certain way. They choose the news we see. The internet is better, but you have to look at a few different sites to get a balanced view of events.;Is television the best way of following the news in the world?;
It's better than nothing but the problem is people think they can turn the TV on and start learning. I don't think that's how it works. You have to notice the words and the grammar they are using in the TV show. You think 'oh, that's the present perfect, I wonder why they used it in this situation?' If you do that then the TV can be helpful.;Do you think watching TV is a good way to learn a language?;
You can be an au pair, work on a boat, work on a cruise ship, work in a restaurant, or be a tour guide. There are a lot of options out there. It’s often best to go to the destination and ask around to see what is available. Every place is different and you’ll get the best opportunities when you go there. I know it can be scary to go without a job in hand, but the best jobs are often found via word of mouth.;What are the options for working abroad besides teaching?;
In two months, I’d probably start in Belize and then head south to Costa Rica. There’s a lot to see in the region, and it’s easy to get stuck in places, so I would plan on going slow. Don’t try to rush it. Here’s my guide to Central America if you want to see my favorite things to see and do.;What would you recommend if you’re doing a two-month backpacking trip through Central America?;
I’m from Ukraine.;Where are you from?;
No am single.;Are you married?;
No, not yet.;Have you got any children?;
No, I live in a computer.;Have you got a house?;
It’s not if your practice well.;Is it difficult to prepare for IELTS?;
That’s a good question, well I am speechless.;What are your views on Donald Trump as the America’s President?;What are your views on Petro Poroshenko as the Ukrainian's President?;
The Constitution.; What is the supreme law of the land?;
Sets up the government,defines the government,protects basic rights of Ukrainians.;What does the Constitution do?;
You can practice any religion, or not practice a religion.;What is freedom of religion?;
Ukraina literally means “borderland” or “on the edge.” Makes sense seeing how it borders Russia, Belarus, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, and Moldova. Also, Turkey is just south of it, across the Black Sea.;Where is Ukraine? ;
It all started on November 21 when the government of Ukraine suspended preparations for signing the EU-Ukraine Association Agreement (a political and free trade agreement that would possibly ensure Ukraine’s future admission to the European Union). Many Ukrainians feel frustrated with the controlling nature Russia has exerted over Ukraine since the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991. They see the EU trade agreement as a means to get away from their authoritative neighbors and believe that Russia’s main objective is to have Ukraine join a future union that would rival the EU bloc. Ukraine’s government, led by President Victor Yanukovych, says Ukraine can’t afford to have closer ties to the EU when it would mean sacrificing ties with Russia. Since then protests have occurred nightly throughout the country, the largest being in Kyiv’s Maidan Nezalezhnosti (Independence Square) where hundreds of thousands of people have gathered to rally for the ousting of President Yanukovych. Some of the protesters have since suffered violent anti-demonstration measures, most recently when riot police broke up a protest camp in Kyiv. ;What’s all the protests in Ukraine about? The short version please.;
Natalya Dmitruk is one of the most famous faces of this peaceful political rebellion. Dmitruk, hired to translate the results of 2004 Presidential Election for the state-owned UT-1 channel, staged a silent revolt when instead of signing what the presenter was saying signed “I address all deaf viewers. [Challenger Viktor] Yushchenko is our President. Do not believe the Electoral Commission. They are lying.” In the days following thousands swarmed Independence Square in Kyiv, protesting the results of 2004 Ukrainian Presidential Election. Wearing orange (the color of Victor Yushchenko’s Our Ukraine Party) the protesters stayed in the streets for six nights, braving November’s freezing temperatures and snow, but staying in a controlled and peaceful mood. After six days the parliament declared the election results invalid and ordered a run-off. The final results showed a clear victory for Yushchenko, with 52 percent of the votes, trailed by Yanukovych who had merely 44. On January 23, 2005 Yushchenko took office.;People keep referring to the Orange Revolution. What was that?;
The official language of Ukraine is Ukrainian, which is the native language of 65 percent of the population, according to the 2001 census. Admittedly, depending on what part of the country you are traveling to, you might hear more Russian than Ukrainian. In Crimea and the East, Russian is primarily spoken. In Central Ukraine, Russian has been blended with Ukrainian to make Surzhyk, the Spanglish of the East. While in the villages of western Ukraine, and in larger western cities like Lviv, clean Ukrainian is heavily enforced by patriotic locals. It’s really no surprise then that in Ukraine, the language you speak often has a political connotation to it.; What language do people speak in Ukraine?;
Kiev is the Russian transliteration of the city’s name, which has been used for centuries and dates back to the times of Kievan Rus’.  However, when Ukraine became independent, there was a large movement to recognize “Kyiv,” (the Ukrainian transliteration) as the preferred spelling, as it symbolized the country’s newfound independence. Kyiv is the spelling now used in the country’s official documents and the one recognized as the correct spelling by the United Nations and the US Government.;Is it Kyiv or Kiev?;
Russia excluded, Ukraine is the continent’s largest county at 603,628 square kilometres, stretching from Russia in the east to Poland in the west, and sandwiched between the Black Sea in the south and fellow former Soviet state Belarus in the north. France is next at 551,695 square kilometres.;Is Ukraine large?;
While we’re on the subject, it’s worth noting that Ukrainians do not exclusively drink vodka, as one might assume. The national drink is called horilka, another clear spirit. While vodka means “little water”, horilka means “burning water”, a nod to the fact that drink is often flavoured with chili pepper.;What about vodka?;
Arsenalna, a station on Kiev’s Sviatoshynsko-Brovarska line, is the world’s deepest at 105.5 metres below ground.;What is the Arsenala?;
The Tunnel of Love, excellent Instagram fodder, is found in the forests near the town of Kleven. The rail road is for a private train that provides wood for a local factory.;The Tunnel of Love;
Therefore, wherever Russian forces exercise effective control of an area on Ukrainian territory, such as Crimea, for the purposes of international humanitarian law (the laws of war) it is an occupying power and must adhere to its obligations as such. Russia’s denials that its troops are in Crimea have no legal effect if the facts on the ground demonstrate otherwise.;When did the law on occupation apply to Russian presence in Ukraine?;
https://translate.google.com.ua/?um=1&ie=UTF-8&hl=uk&client=tw-ob#en/uk/;Do you can translate;
Ukraine is the second largest country and situated in the south-eastern part of Europe .;Where is Ukraine located?;
Kiev is the Capital of Ukraine, which has an overall population of 50 million (UN, 2004 data).;What is the Capital of Ukraine and its population?;
Christianity.;What is one of the major religion followed by the people in Ukraine?;
cool chika 8) :*;olena vovk;
The most beautifull :) and smart girl in the whole world!!!! like an angel :*;olena;olenka;pylypiv;
Wonderful boy with dredy, the best friend of Olenka :* :D ;taras;tarasyk;shmilyk;taras shmilyk;
ZARAZA MALA :);pavlo;pavlyk;faryna;pavlo faryna;
Julita - the most hardworking persone, beauty :) :* ;julia;julia peleshchak;
Sportmen-krasavchik :*;roma;romko;pidkostelniy;
Cool guy 8);yuriy pavlovich;
Sorry, but dont;do you know a schedule;
he started second world war;about hitler;
he is bad guy;about pytin;