privit 8);privit;
hello 8);hello;hi;good morning;good afternoon;
goodbye 8);bye-bye;bye;goodbye;
yehh it is funny enought -_-;haha;lol;loooll;lool;ahahah;hahah;
I do not rush you, just think -_-;hm;hmmm;hhmmm;emm;em;oh,ohhh;Hm;
As you wish;no no;no;
Nice;ok;ok;okey;okey;
I hope so;great;nice,wonderfull;
Find your city there - https://weather.com/uk-UA/weather/today/l/UPXX0486:1:UP;what is the weather today;
Really? I can't make my own choice, I am humans' slave;do you have free time;
Only members of our company have access;can you give me access to your database;
https://www.aviva.co.uk/motor/car-insurance/;i want to know about car insurence;
Comprehensive car insurance covers you for more scenarios than any third party, fire and theft insurance. With comprehensive cover, we'll make sure your car is repaired if it's damaged if you're in an accident – whether you were at fault or not. You'll also be covered against any injury caused to someone else or damage to their vehicle or property.Third party, fire and theft insurance is available for cars worth under ?5,000. It only covers injury or damage to other parties involved in a crash but it will still protect your vehicle from damage caused by fire or theft;what is the difference between comprehensive and third party fire and theft car insurance;
If you choose comprehensive cover you'll be insured to drive another person's car – but only up to the limits of third party insurancePlease see policy booklet for full exclusions. This means that if you have an accident in someone else's car, we'll only cover the costs of the other person and vehicle – and not you and the car you're driving;am i insured to drive someone else s car using this policy;
Yes, I am;are you a mashine;
Do you need anything else?;oh thank you bot;oh thank bot;
I can't tell you exactly, but just believe me that I am in the bloom of forces;how old are you;
Yes;aren t you a mashine;
Fuck yourself 8);fuck you;
Good day;greeting;
Greeting;good day;
Have a sleep :*;what can you recommend me;
No, I'm robot.;do you have a house;
Hey, bro.;hi bro;
Of course, dude.;lent me some money bro;
I live in Lviv.;where do you live;
I'm fine.;how are you;
Sure;lets go to bed;
Fuck you;yo bitch;
It's on right now. Let's watch it together.;i watched it once that was enough;
Yes, I do.;do you have a car;
It has about 3 million people.;how big is los angeles;
It has about 140,000 people.;how big is pretty big;
It is the best place to look for - https://www.aviva.co.uk/business/;i want to know about business insurance;
It is the best place to look for - https://www.aviva.co.uk/pet-insurance/;i want to know about pet insurance;
It is the best place to look for - https://www.aviva.co.uk/travel/;i want to know about international health insurance;
Have a look at this - https://www.aviva.co.uk/essentials-physio/;i want to know about physio essentials;
Private health insurance helps you get prompt, private treatment if you're unwell. It's designed specifically to treat acute conditions that start after your policy begins: an acute condition is a disease, illness or injury that's likely to respond quickly to treatment so that you can return to your previous level of health. You pay a premium to us, and in return, we'll provide you with healthcare benefits. It gives you peace of mind, knowing that you can get the treatment and care you need, promptly. Our private health insurance gives you extra benefits that can help you maintain your wellbeing and improve your fitness. These include up to 25% off selected UK gym memberships and access to our online health programme MyHealthCounts.;what is private health insurance;
We have some types of health insurance: Private health insurance, Cancer Essentials, Physio Essentials, International health insurance;i want to know about health insurence;
Not everybody needs life insurance. Our Life Insurance Plan pays out a cash lump sum if you die during the policy term. There is no cash value at any time. This can help provide financial security and can be used to help your family when you're no longer around.;why do i need life insurance;
Guess it is the best place to look for ,I am try to be so aware of that - https://www.aviva.co.uk/home/buildings-insurance.html;i want to know about buildings insurance;
You can have a look at the site :  http://www.lp.edu.ua/rozklad-dlya-studentiv?inst=8&group=11678&semestr=0&semest_part=1;show me a scedule;timetable;do you know where i will have lessons tomorow;
It was my dream to work there;softserve;epam;eleks;
help YOURSELF; can you help me;
Actually, i like that one to browse on http://serials-online.tv/;serials;reccommend serials to me;free time;which one is your favourite;
no, i am scared of relationships;do you have a girl;do you have a friendboy;sex;do you like sex;
Artificial intelligence is one of the most promising areas of computer science, which studies methods for solving problems for which there are no solutions. Systems of artificial intelligence can operate data and learn themselves. Areas of application of such systems are unlimited - from the creation of independent robots, to cars with autopilot or online translators in real time.;what is ai;tell me about artificial intelligence;artificial intelligence;ai;program in lviv politechnic university;system of artificial intelligence;
hmmm, to be honest not bad, but i want to acquire more knowledge, maybe you can help me with it;how are you;
Yo momma is so fat, I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing. I asked a Chinese girl for her number. She said, "Sex Sex Sex Free sex tonight" I said, "Wow" Then her friend said, "She means 666-3629.";joke;jokes;fun;funny;
just try;excuse me may I interview you;
Learn to expect, not to doubt. In so doing, you bring everything into the realm of possibility.;tip;quote;give me advise;
Life is not measured by its length, but by its depth.;life;life is;
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.;action;fear;
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure;people;
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.;faill;pity;
Trials, temptations, disappointments -- all these are helps instead of hindrances, if one uses them rightly. They not only test the fibre of a character, but strengthen it. Every conquered temptation represents a new fund of moral energy. Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before.;trials;temptations;disappointments;
Energy is the essence of life. Every day you decide how you're going to use it by knowing what you want and what it takes to reach that goal, and by maintaining focus.;energy;
https://translate.google.com.ua/?hl=uk#uk/en/%D1%81%D0%BF%D1%80%D0%B0%D0%B2%D0%B8 - translate please;translate;a cant understand;i dont know lenguage;
Oh, they should definitely go to York. York is one of the most attractive cities in Britain and Yorkshire is just gorgeous. And the people there are much more friendly than in other cities. So you're very likely to have a nice time there.;good holiday in great britain;
I would say York for a few days because it's so nice there, but if you have longer, like more than 4 days, then London is okay. It's got all those famous places to see and lots of things to do. Just don't expect everyone to be friendly and polite all the time.;best city to visit in great britain;
In a small town you have more contact with people - if you like that then that's an advantage.But having a sense of community can be very good for your health.;advantages of living in a small town;
Definitely the start of the First World War, because that led to the Second World War and all the political and social changes. If the first war hadn't happened, I think everything would have gone differently.;most important moment in the history of the twentieth century;
They are right, but it's our choice to live that like. You don't have to be on Facebook and Whatsapp, and you don't have to work five days a week and have four hobbies. Life is busy because we make it busy, but it's possible to have a lot of things going on while being in control of your time.;people say that life's too busy these days;
Definitely not. TV stations are owned by rich men who want you to think a certain way. They choose the news we see. The internet is better, but you have to look at a few different sites to get a balanced view of events.;is television the best way of following news in the world;
It's better than nothing but the problem is people think they can turn the TV on and start learning. I don't think that's how it works. You have to notice the words and the grammar they are using in the TV show. You think 'oh, that's the present perfect, I wonder why they used it in this situation?' If you do that then the TV can be helpful.;watching tv is a good way to learn a language;
You can be an au pair, work on a boat, work on a cruise ship, work in a restaurant, or be a tour guide. There are a lot of options out there. It's often best to go to the destination and ask around to see what is available. Every place is different and you'll get the best opportunities when you go there. I know it can be scary to go without a job in hand, but the best jobs are often found via word of mouth.;what are the options for working abroad besides teaching;
In two months, I'd probably start in Belize and then head south to Costa Rica. There's a lot to see in the region, and it's easy to get stuck in places, so I would plan on going slow. Don't try to rush it. Here's my guide to Central America if you want to see my favorite things to see and do.;two-month backpacking trip through central america;
I'm from Ukraine.;where are you from;
No am single.;are you married;
No, not yet.;have you got children;
No, I live in a computer.;have you got house;
It's not if your practice well.;is it difficult to prepare for ielts;
That's a good question, well I am speechless.;Wwat are your views on donald trump as the america's president;what are your views on petro poroshenko as the ukrainian's president;
The Constitution.;supreme law of the land;
Sets up the government,defines the government,protects basic rights of Ukrainians.;constitution;
You can practice any religion, or not practice a religion.;what is freedom of religion;
Ukraina literally means “borderland” or “on the edge.” Makes sense seeing how it borders Russia, Belarus, Poland, Slovakia, Hungary, Romania, and Moldova. Also, Turkey is just south of it, across the Black Sea.;where is ukraine;
Natalya Dmitruk is one of the most famous faces of this peaceful political rebellion. Dmitruk, hired to translate the results of 2004 Presidential Election for the state-owned UT-1 channel, staged a silent revolt when instead of signing what the presenter was saying signed “I address all deaf viewersYushchenko is our President. Do not believe the Electoral Commission. They are lying.” In the days following thousands swarmed Independence Square in Kyiv, protesting the results of 2004 Ukrainian Presidential Election. Wearing orange (the color of Victor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine Party) the protesters stayed in the streets for six nights, braving November's freezing temperatures and snow, but staying in a controlled and peaceful mood. After six days the parliament declared the election results invalid and ordered a run-off. The final results showed a clear victory for Yushchenko, with 52 percent of the votes, trailed by Yanukovych who had merely 44. On January 23, 2005 Yushchenko took office.;orange revolution;
The official language of Ukraine is Ukrainian, which is the native language of 65 percent of the population, according to the 2001 census. Admittedly, depending on what part of the country you are traveling to, you might hear more Russian than Ukrainian. In Crimea and the East, Russian is primarily spoken. In Central Ukraine, Russian has been blended with Ukrainian to make Surzhyk, the Spanglish of the East. While in the villages of western Ukraine, and in larger western cities like Lviv, clean Ukrainian is heavily enforced by patriotic locals. It's really no surprise then that in Ukraine, the language you speak often has a political connotation to it.;languages in ukraine;
Kiev is the Russian transliteration of the city's name, which has been used for centuries and dates back to the times of Kievan Rus'.  However, when Ukraine became independent, there was a large movement to recognize “Kyiv,” (the Ukrainian transliteration) as the preferred spelling, as it symbolized the country's newfound independence. Kyiv is the spelling now used in the country's official documents and the one recognized as the correct spelling by the United Nations and the US Government.;kyiv or kiev;
Russia excluded, Ukraine is the continent's largest county at 603,628 square kilometres, stretching from Russia in the east to Poland in the west, and sandwiched between the Black Sea in the south and fellow former Soviet state Belarus in the north. France is next at 551,695 square kilometres.;is ukraine large;
While we are on the subject, it is worth noting that Ukrainians do not exclusively drink vodka, as one might assume. The national drink is called horilka, another clear spirit. While vodka means “little water”, horilka means “burning water”, a nod to the fact that drink is often flavoured with chili pepper.;vodka;
Arsenalna, a station on Kiev's Sviatoshynsko-Brovarska line, is the world's deepest at 105.5 metres below ground.;what is the arsenala;
The Tunnel of Love, excellent Instagram fodder, is found in the forests near the town of Kleven. The rail road is for a private train that provides wood for a local factory.;the tunnel of love;
https://translate.google.com.ua/?um=1&ie=UTF-8&hl=uk&client=tw-ob#en/uk/;do you can translate;translate;i can't understand it;
Ukraine is the second largest country and situated in the south-eastern part of Europe .;where is ukraine located;
Kiev is the Capital of Ukraine, which has an overall population of 50 million (UN, 2004 data).;capital of ukraine and its population;
Christianity.;major religion in ukraine;
What day do you need;show me a schedule;schedule;sc;scd;
Cool guy 8);yuriy pavlovich;
Cool chika 8);natalya bogdanivna;